---
banner: https://images.pexels.com/photos/13324889/pexels-photo-13324889.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=1
title: About Me
description: Dec 2021 -> Feb 2023, My experience, motivation, and thoughts.
date: '2023-02-17'
---

-   In 2021, I was living at Warrane College for an entire year, at the end of that year, I decided to return to China to visit family, friends, and my girlfriend.

-   During that time, I was motivated to pursue working experiences that aligned with my degree in CS field.

-   This drive was largely inspired by the residents at Warrane College, many of whom were intelligent and hard-working individuals pursuing internships and co-op programs from their first or second year. Additionally, I was motivated to build a bright future for my family, my girlfriend, and myself.

-   Upon returning to Sydney on 30th December 2022, I secured three internship positions: Software QA Engineer Intern, Analytical Validation Engineer Intern, and Data Analyst Intern.

-   I began my 2nd internship as an Analytical Validation Engineer Intern at Testing Lab of Volvo Cars in 1st August 2022, and was later asked by the Project Owner if I would like to switch to the Development Department.

-   So I decided to take on two internships concurrently after 19th September 2022, leading to a doubled workload than an ordinary intern, but I was still enjoyed and learned a lot, and eventually became a good friend with the Project Owner.

-   I finished my internships on 26th December, and came back Sydney on 30th December 2023. Initially, I began working as a part-time Front Desk Receptionist at Warrane. From 9th January to 2nd February, I was doing a WIL project with IBM, during that time, I obtained an AWS certificate through self-learning.

-   On 5th February 2023, I successfully applied to become a Project Training Lead for a Training Program held by the UNSW Computer & Engineering Society.

-   Currently, I am working as a Front-door Receptionist for 9 hours/week while also serving as an Academic Tutor for Computer Science at Warrane College. I hold two tutorials per week inside the college, helping 1st and 2nd-year undergraduates at UNSW improve their learning towards CS-related courses.

-   I am also self-learning AWS Developer Associate Certificate and MERN full-stack at the moment, while doing 2 courses this term.
